investigation
What is this place?
Please find
I thought I had read it wrong.
I thought this was the boss of the criminal trial
Consort
Come here to investigate
You also have to find a reasonable explanation.
Okay, you Qin Feiyang
You are wild enough
I asked you and Brother Six to seize the family's business
How much effort is this?
Just run to this Red Dust Pavilion and do it in a cycle?
Sister, he said he was here to investigate the case
Do you believe it? I don't
Thank you, girl.
Why don't you explain it to the princess?
Her Royal Highness
Qin Gongzi, he is really here to investigate the case
I was scared by the villain just now
Hot all over
But Mr. Qin is a true gentleman
Not only did he not take advantage of the danger
Instead, use mysterious medical skills to help me detoxify
So
Please don't misunderstand Mr. Qin
Is that really the case?
What Miss Liu said is true
No lie at all
I'll let you go today
The death penalty is inevitable
Living sin
You come down
Hey, hey, hey, hey.
What are you looking at?
Go go go go go go
Walk over and adjourn the meeting
Qin Gongzi, will we meet again?